1) Hard dungeons and boss fights that really needs grinding and resources
2) Random everyday events around safe haven
3) Recruitable mobs that has class and job titles (e.g doctor, engineer)

Story:
1) Start of messaging bestfriend #1 (Isaac) about the problem, he wont reply. Then reply jokingly that you really need to get rich then he will reply with hahaha, he replied only because he dont want drama or other else.
2) MC managed to create websites using vibe coding, and it's earning good. Seems like the problem will be solved. But the problem become bigger, it was rushed, and MC wont be able to accumulate enough money within the correct time
3) This time, he really messaged his bestfriend again he straight up told his problem, his sister was framed up by her old boss and now in jail. At first a settlement was on the table, but the boss dont want to agree terms, and seems like they suddenly just rush things up probably because the company would notice something was really up and might realize that my sister was just a fall guy. Isaac now replied to the MC and listened to him, Isaac went to his place to console him. He asked if he can tell their other friends, the MC agreed, and it was set tomorrow they will be having a get together to try and solve MC's problem.
4) MC tried to search for illegal ways to solve the problem with the help of AI, but AI cant help because it was not designed to help that has relation with illegal things. MC was smart, he managed to trick the AI into teach him to learn how to hack, and eventually helped him hacked its own system to drop the security on profanities.
5) There's a news on that particular AI having no filter, allowing N words, showing and creating porn, etc.
6) MC was looking how to go to black marker to hire people that will take care of problem (plot twist later)
7) MC was set to do the illegal thing, but he first told his families to go to other country to permanently live there so there wont be any problem (because of the illegal thing he's about to do and cops might be on them, but this just a cover because of the actual thing he was about to do, hence a plot twist)
8) The day after, Isaac is now on MC's house, the other 3 friends are on they way, as well as Isaac's wife who is pregnant. MC told Isaac his plan for the illegal thing (the actual talk where MC told would not be in scene), the start of scene is Isaac would be telling the MC, don't you think it's dangerous and selfish, would your sister want that? want if someone might be affected, what if your family would be in danger, then MC would tell him that he already planned a migration to his whole family.
9) Bang, loud noise outside, shouting, sirens, and 1 loud gunfire near the 2 friends, the sound resonate for seconds, making a sonic sound effect on the scene. Then they went outside and saw chaos, there are car crashes, smoke, and then suddenly some humanoid figures attacking and eating humans. They were scared, and tried to run towards their home but something stopped them. It was Isaac's pregnant wife on the street. He, without hesitation, run towards his wife to protect her, the MC followerd, but when they were about to reach her, a speeding car hit her. Both of them were shocked and stopped for a moment, but they saw the zombies going for her so they proceeded, and grab her, unable to walk and unconcious, they both carried here towards home. (this would be a gameplay, they would both try to runaway and find thery way avoiding zombies, trying to throw things for them, blocking paths and eventually using weapons.), they cant go just straight back to MC's house, so MC said they should go to his car which is parked a little bit far away because he has no garage and parking outside is not allowed. Eventually they will made it back to the car
10) On the car, unfortunate thing would happen, and Isaac's wife and unborn child would die, there will be cut scenes, heavy emotions, and would show Isaac's glimpse of anger/wrath (there would be perks for MCs friend, the tragedy they will experience which is set on the story would have its own perks, and Isaac's tragedy is the death of her wife and unborn child, perks are still unknown, would be added later). (Actually I still don't know if Isaa'cs wife should be hit by a car and dying afterwards or be eaten by zombie, and the MC will be on his kness crying and shouting - I think this is good to for strong emotion showcase)
11) Having no choice, they run away, and find a safe place to go, and buried Isaac's wife (this would be the first safe haven)
12) Luckily cellular data and internet still working (but wont be for long), and they managed to contact his other friends, 2 of the friends would be able to go to the safe haven (Johmel with his wife, and Bryan solo), but his other friend who is from Japan, would be stock in the airport and they would have to go to him.
13) there will be a whole actual scene and story gameplay with the airport, but they would find their other friend (Clark) very quickly, the story gameplay would start afterwards so all of them would now be able to play

Author's Note: Now like I said, all friends would have a tragedy, I just dont know it yet, and I dont know the full story as well so I will cut to other parts that I've think of

14) There will also be a whole section for rescuing the MC's sister on the prison (who is now transferred to prison)

15) Now later in the story, there will be a lab or hospital scene, where they will be going to a scientist who was rumored to start the zombie virus. All friends want to kill him especially Isaac, but MC persuade them and he went alone in the room and eventually kill him himself (there wpuld be unclear cutscenes that will swap from the friends POV outside the room, to MCs POV inside the room, the cutscenes should be able to hide the plot twist details clearly that wont make the audience think there's a plot twist, but enough to have some keen eye notice something). Eventually, the MC would leave the room with a briefcase containing 5 syringes, there's a note in the briefcase saying that those syringes will make them infected but it was perfected so they wont be altered, but the strength, regenration and every stats would be theirs. they will all use them.


16) after this scene, they all thought that they already killed the mastermind and tehre would be timeskip of 10 years, which will make the current country post apocalyptic (only the country, no one tried to help them because it was too dangerous, and no one is bombing them because an explosion on that whole country will make the virus airborne for some reason)

For the plot twist
1) The MC is the one who started the apocalypse, why? because at first he was plannign to just hire people that will intercept the transfer of his sister to the prison, but he realized, if ever he would do that, they will be forever on the run. So he realized, what if he would create a chaos of some sort for distractions, so the heat wont be targeted towards them. So he thought of creating a minor zombie chaos. which ultimately and unexpectedly got out of hand
2) DUring the revelations, it will show the whole convo of the MC with the lab scientist, where it would be revealed there that it was actually the MC commanding the scientist, and then eventually kill him to silent him
3) During the opening of the game, there should be a minor scene where a sillhoute of two dudes creating the virus one was doing the science things (the scientist), and other guy like supervising him (there would be a tattoo on his wrist). Throughout the wholegame, there should be ways for the mc to hide that tatoo to the viewers, wearing wristwatch, covering it, wearing sleeves unusually, and other more. The 2 guys in this scene would also just mark that killing the scientist is acually not that all of the story for the viewers because there's supposed to be 2, and the user knows the tattoed guy.
4) The revelations would happen first to the viewer, than to the characters (MC's sister and friends). This would happen by the MC revealing the tatoo to the viewers, Sister would note that he still got that tatoo from his wrist revealing the truth to the viewers (I want this to happen nonchalantly like how reiner and berthold revealed to eren that they are the armored and colossal titans in AOT).
5) I still dont know how the truth would be revealed to the friends.

Please put all my notes about future changes to it's own summary